README.md, before:

## TemplateDevEnv
_For Kotlin see [TemplateDevEnvKt](https://github.com/CleanroomMC/TemplateDevEnvKt)_

Template workspace for modding Minecraft 1.12.2. Licensed under MIT, it is made for public use.

This template runs on **Java 25**, **Gradle 9.2.1** + **[RetroFuturaGradle](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/RetroFuturaGradle) 2.0.2** + **Forge 14.23.5.2847**.

With **coremod and mixin support** that is easy to configure.

### Instructions:

1. Click `use this template` at the top.
2. Clone the repository that you have created with this template to your local machine.
3. Make sure IDEA is using Java 25 for Gradle before you sync the project. Verify this by going to IDEA's `Settings > Build, Execution, Deployment > Build Tools > Gradle > Gradle JVM`.
4. Open the project folder in IDEA. When prompted, click "Load Gradle Project" as it detects the `build.gradle`, if you weren't prompted, right-click the project's `build.gradle` in IDEA, select `Link Gradle Project`, after completion, hit `Refresh All` in the gradle tab on the right.
5. Run gradle tasks such as `runClient` and `runServer` in the IDEA gradle tab, or use the auto-imported run configurations like `1. Run Client`.

### Notes:
- Dependencies script in [gradle/scripts/dependencies.gradle](gradle/scripts/dependencies.gradle), explanations are commented in the file.
- Publishing script in [gradle/scripts/publishing.gradle](gradle/scripts/publishing.gradle).
- When writing Mixins on IntelliJ, it is advisable to use latest [MinecraftDev Fork for RetroFuturaGradle](https://github.com/eigenraven/MinecraftDev/releases).

Commit message:

Revise README for AE2CCCPmod details and usage
Updated README to reflect the new mod name and usage instructions.

README.md, after:

## AE2CCCPmod
A mixin-based mod that modifies the behavior of AE2 to add spatial storage compatibility with AE2UE v0.56.7 (the latest release at the time of development) and cubicchunks.

### How To Use
**English**
In an environment where [AE2-UE v0.56.7](https://github.com/AE2-UEL/Applied-Energistics-2/releases/tag/v0.56.7) and [CubicChunks v0.0.1271.0](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/opencubicchunks/files/5135427) are installed simultaneously in the mods folder,
the crash that occurs when using spatial storage in a cubicchunks environment is fixed simply by adding the latest mixinbooter and this mod release to the mods folder like a normal mod.

Also, a test at Y=-1000 showed no problems.

(Note: While there's a good chance that different versions will work, they are not supported.)
**Japanese**
modsフォルダに[AE2-UEv0.56.7](https://github.com/AE2-UEL/Applied-Energistics-2/releases/tag/v0.56.7)と[CubicChunksv0.0.1271.0](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/opencubicchunks/files/5135427)を同時に導入している環境で
最新のmixinbooterとこのmodのリリースをmodsフォルダに普通のmodと同じ様に入れるだけでspatial storageをcubicchunks環境で使った時のクラッシュが修正されます
また、Y=-1000で動作テストしても正常に動作しました

(補足:バージョンが違っても動作する可能性はそこそこ高いがサポートはしない)
